Configurabiity of the UDP port # for messaging to statsd (#91)
github/glb-director: docs/setup/glb-director-configuration.md

Worker lcores take packets received by the distributor, hash them, encapsulate them, then send them back to the distributor to be sent to the NIC. For more details of the technical implementation of this and why it's used, see [DPDK Packet Distributor Library](https://doc.dpdk.org/guides/prog_guide/packet_distrib_lib.html).

`work_source` configures the lcore index of the distributor core that work will be sourced from. The number of cores that reference any given distributor should match that distributor core's `num_dist_workers`.

### `statsd_port`

_optional_

By default, GLB Director uses UDP port 28125 to send messages to statsd.

> This configuration option, makes the port number configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration option allows selecting a different port as the target for statsd messages.
```
